README.md, before:

# Stardome

[![Github stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/blac-panda/stardome-web.svg?style=social&label=Stars)](https://github.com/blac-panda/stardome-web/stargazers)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/udacimak.svg)](https://github.com/blac-panda/stardome-web/LICENSE)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/blac-panda/stardome-web/README.md)

[![Opened issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/stardome-team/stardome-web.svg)](https://github.com/stardome-team/stardome-web/issues)
[![Closed issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed-raw/stardome-team/stardome-web.svg)](https://github.com/stardome-team/stardome-web/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed)
[![Opened pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-raw/stardome-team/stardome-web.svg)](https://github.com/stardome-team/stardome-web/pulls)
[![Closed pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed-raw/stardome-team/stardome-web.svg)](https://github.com/stardome-team/stardome-web/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed)

Stardome is a social networking site for organizing gaming tournaments and meeting other gamers.

Feel free to contribute.

I will be making use of ReactJS, Sass and GoLang

# Getting Started
Run ```npm install```

Run ```npm start```

Go to http://localhost:3000/

# UI
Here is a link to the UI design I will be following: 

https://www.figma.com/proto/60zEt32yJviLz7VtTsr1JT/StarDome-(Copy)?node-id=1%3A275&scaling=scale-down 

NB: open in incognito mode

# Contributions
To make any contributions kindly view the trello board: https://trello.com/b/tJLAZHYo/stardome to see list of components/tasks that need to be completed.

Reach out to me on twitter: https://www.twitter.com/oyefesotunmise so I could add you to the trello board, also I would love to meet you.

Here is a link to all the assets needed to follow the UI:

https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Vs5mX4-tCVVpL8o7bHmhQid66YU99KXD

Commit message:

Edits Readme for Linux users

README.md, after:

# Stardome

[![Github stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/blac-panda/stardome-web.svg?style=social&label=Stars)](https://github.com/blac-panda/stardome-web/stargazers)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/udacimak.svg)](https://github.com/blac-panda/stardome-web/LICENSE)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/blac-panda/stardome-web/README.md)

[![Opened issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/stardome-team/stardome-web.svg)](https://github.com/stardome-team/stardome-web/issues)
[![Closed issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed-raw/stardome-team/stardome-web.svg)](https://github.com/stardome-team/stardome-web/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed)
[![Opened pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-raw/stardome-team/stardome-web.svg)](https://github.com/stardome-team/stardome-web/pulls)
[![Closed pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed-raw/stardome-team/stardome-web.svg)](https://github.com/stardome-team/stardome-web/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed)

Stardome is a social networking site for organizing gaming tournaments and meeting other gamers.

Feel free to contribute.

I will be making use of ReactJS, Sass and GoLang

# Getting Started
Run ```npm install```

Run ```npm start```

## For Linux OS
Clone this repository

Delete the  **package-lock.json** file

Run ```npm install```

Run ```npm start```

## Browser 
View Stardome on: http://localhost:3000/


# UI
UI design(implementation in progress): [Figma](https://www.figma.com/proto/60zEt32yJviLz7VtTsr1JT/StarDome-(Copy)?node-id=1%3A275&scaling=scale-down) 

**NB**: open in **incognito** mode on your web browsers

# Contributions
To make any contributions kindly view the trello board: [Trello](https://trello.com/b/tJLAZHYo/stardome) to see list of components/tasks that need to be completed.

Reach out to me on twitter: https://www.twitter.com/oyefesotunmise so I could add you to the trello board, also I would love to meet you.

Link to all the assets needed to follow the UI:
[Link](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Vs5mX4-tCVVpL8o7bHmhQid66YU99KXD)
